
ng-init directive can be used to put values to the variables to be used in the application

AngularJS bootstraps itself during config phase

constants are used to pass values at config phase

ng-app directive defines and links an AngularJS application to HTML


Templates can be a single file or multiple views in one page
Templates are not the rendered view with information from the controller and model. They are merely a template, the model passes the data and the controller merges to generate the actuall page.

$invalid flag states that value has been changed
$dirty and $invalid flags are used to do the form validations

novalidate with a form declaration disables any browser specific validation

Filters select a subset of items from an array and return a new array
lowercase and all filters are applied to an expression using pipe | character {{ expression | filter }}
orderby filter orders the array based on provided criteria

Expressions are used to bind application data to html.
Expressions behave in same way as ng-bind directives.

ng-hide directive can hide a given control
ng-show directive can show a given control
You can embed HTML pages within a HTML page using ng-include directive

AJS  is extensible

To do graphical charts we need third party JS libraries.


service method is used to create a service whose purpose is to do some defined task.

Inbuilt services are always prefixed with $ symbol.


ng-controller directive:
Scope act as interaction between controller and view
Scope contains the model data.
A controller is a JavaScript object containing attributes/properties and functions.
AJS application mainly relies on controllers to control the flow of data in the application.
 ng-controller directive tells AJS what controller to use with this view.

Each controller accepts $scope as a parameter which refers to the application/module that controller is to control.

ng-model, ng-app, ng-bind are core directives
ng-state is not

CSS components, Attributes components, and Element directives components can all be used to create a custom directive


MVC is software design pattern, which SPA's are created

The Model available in $rootScope can be overridden by its all child scopes
Scope act as interaction between controller and view

In controllers, model data is accessible via $scope object

AJS uses two way data binding

 angular.module is primarily used to create application module.  	angular.module(...);
angular.module is used to create AngularJS modules along with its dependent modules.

Application Module components can be injected as a dependency in AJS

$routeProvider attaches a controller with the view.
$routeProvider maps Urls with the corresponding html page or ng-template.
$routeProvider is the key service which set the configuration of urls.



 corresponding js is used with Internationalization
 
 Applications written in AngularJS are not inherently safe and secure.
AJS code can be unit tested